Docs: Improve information for contributors (#3101)
webhintio/hint: README.md

[user guide][user guide], or the [local version][local user guide]
for the most recent content.

> 

Reviewer: Any reason for the extra newline?
```suggestion
```

## Contributing to webhint

This project follows a monorepo pattern. That means that the code
for all the webhint flavors (CLI, browser and VS Code extension,
hints, formatters, etc.) are in here and are published as separate
npm packages.

To build the project from the source you will need to install
a recent version of node and [yarn][]. Once you've done this run
the following from the root of your cloned version:

```bash
yarn
yarn build
```

This can take a bit so please be patient.

> To know more about the internals of `webhint`, the structure of the

Reviewer: While we're here I wanted to tweak the wording of this slightly.
```suggestion
To learn more about the internals of `webhint`, the structure of the
```

> project, how to create new hints, collectors, formatters, etc, take

Reviewer: Hmm... was "collectors" an older term in the project? Or maybe it was meant to be "connectors". Not sure, but we should fix it while we're here.
```suggestion
project, how to create new hints, parsers, formatters, etc, take
```

a look at the online [contributor guide][contributor guide] (or the
[local version][local contributor guide]).

### Contributing to the browser and VS Code extensions

> To know more about how to build only the extensions please check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about how to build one of the extensions please check
```

> the `CONTRIBUTING.md` files of each one of this packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `CONTRIBUTING.md` files for each of these packages:
```
